
&&&&&&&&&&   Setting up for AI Translation &&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Large_language_model



####################
Spyder
###################



###########
Python
############

import sys
print(sys.version)

---- Anaconda ----------------------

https://www.anaconda.com/download

Natural Language Processing
    NLTK
    Gensim
    Transformers
    spaCy


AI and Machine Learning
    scikit-learn
    TensorFlow
    Keras
    PyTorch
    XGBoost


Anaconda installed
	Linux
	Python 3.12
	64-Bit (x86) Installer (1007.9M)
	(also available for Windows and Apple)


Downloading and Extracting Packages:
Preparing transaction: done
Executing transaction: done
installation finished.
Do you wish to update your shell profile to automatically initialize conda?
This will activate conda on startup and change the command prompt when activated.
If you'd prefer that conda's base environment NOT BE activated on startup,
   run the following command when conda is activated:
	conda config --set auto_activate_base false

You can undo this by running 
	`conda init --reverse $SHELL`? [yes|no]

[no]
You have chosen to not have conda modify your shell scripts at all.
To activate conda's base environment in your current shell session:
	eval "$(/home/bmarron/anaconda3/bin/conda shell.YOUR_SHELL_NAME hook)" 

To install conda's shell functions for easier access, first activate, then:

conda init

Thank you for installing Anaconda3!





ANACONDA TERMS OF SERVICE
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before purchasing, using, accessing
, or downloading any Anaconda Offerings (the "Offerings"). These Anaconda Terms 
of Service ("TOS") are between Anaconda, Inc. ("Anaconda") and you ("You"), the 
individual or entity acquiring and/or providing access to the Offerings. These T
OS govern Your access, download, installation, or use of the Anaconda Offerings,
 which are provided to You in combination with the terms set forth in the applic
able Offering Description, and are hereby incorporated into these TOS. Except wh
ere indicated otherwise, references to "You" shall include Your Users. You hereb
y acknowledge that these TOS are binding, and You affirm and signify your consen
t to these TOS by registering to, using, installing, downloading, or accessing t
he Anaconda Offerings effective as of the date of first registration, use, insta
ll, download or access, as applicable (the "Effective Date"). Capitalized defini
tions not otherwise defined herein are set forth in Section 15 (Definitions). If
 You do not agree to these Terms of Service, You must not register, use, install
, download, or access the Anaconda Offerings.
1. ACCESS & USE
1.1 General License Grant. Subject to compliance with these TOS and any applicab
le Offering Description, Anaconda grants You a personal, non-exclusive, non-tran
sferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, limited right to use the applicable Anac
onda Offering strictly as detailed herein and as set forth in a relevant Offerin
g Description. If You purchase a subscription to an Offering as set forth in a r
elevant Order, then the license grant(s) applicable to your access, download, in
stallation, or use of a specific Anaconda Offering will be set forth in the rele
vant Offering Description and any definitive agreement which may be executed by 
you in writing or electronic in connection with your Order ("Custom Agreement").
 License grants for specific Anaconda Offerings are set forth in the relevant Of
fering Description, if applicable.
1.2 License Restrictions. Unless expressly agreed by Anaconda, You may not:  (a)
 Make, sell, resell, license, sublicense, distribute, rent, or lease any Offerin
gs available to anyone other than You or Your Users, unless expressly stated oth
erwise in an Order, Custom Agreement or the Documentation or as otherwise expres
sly permitted in writing by Anaconda; (b) Use the Offerings to store or transmit
 infringing, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or tortious material, or to store o
r transmit material in violation of third-party privacy rights; (c) Use the Offe
rings or Third Party Services to store or transmit Malicious Code, or attempt to
 gain unauthorized access to any Offerings or Third Party Services or their rela
ted systems or networks; (d)Interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performan
ce of any Offerings or Third Party Services, or third-party data contained there
in; (e) Permit direct or indirect access to or use of any Offerings or Third Par
ty Services in a way that circumvents a contractual usage limit, or use any Offe
rings to access, copy or use any Anaconda intellectual property except as permit
ted under these TOS, a Custom Agreement, an Order or the Documentation; (f) Modi
fy, copy or create derivative works of the Offerings or any part, feature, funct
ion or user interface thereof except, and then solely to the extent that, such a
ctivity is required to be permitted under applicable law; (g) Copy Content excep
t as permitted herein or in an Order, a Custom Agreement or the Documentation or
 republish any material portion of any Offering in a manner competitive with the
 offering by Anaconda, including republication on another website or redistribut
e or embed any or all Offerings in a commercial product for redistribution or re
sale; (h) Frame or Mirror any part of any Content or Offerings, except if and to
 the extent permitted in an applicable Custom Agreement or Order for your own In
ternal Use and as permitted in a Custom Agreement or Documentation; (i) Except a
nd then solely to the extent required to be permitted by applicable law, copy, d
isassemble, reverse engineer, or decompile an Offering, or access an Offering to
 build a competitive  service by copying or using similar ideas, features, funct
ions or graphics of the Offering. You may not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape"
, "robot", "spider" or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology
, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monit
or any portion of our Offerings or Content. Anaconda reserves the right to end a
ny such activity. If You would like to redistribute or embed any Offering in any
 product You are developing, please contact the Anaconda team for a third party 
redistribution commercial license.
2. USERS & LICENSING
2.1 Organizational Use.  Your registration, download, use, installation, access,
 or enjoyment of all Anaconda Offerings on behalf of an organization that has tw
o hundred (200) or more employees or contractors ("Organizational Use") requires
 a paid license of Anaconda Business or Anaconda Enterprise. For sake of clarity
, use by government entities and nonprofit entities with over 200 employees or c
ontractors is considered Organizational Use.  Purchasing Starter tier license(s)
 does not satisfy the Organizational Use paid license requirement set forth in t
his Section 2.1.  Educational Entities will be exempt from the paid license requ
irement, provided that the use of the Anaconda Offering(s) is solely limited to 
being used for a curriculum-based course. Anaconda reserves the right to monitor
 the registration, download, use, installation, access, or enjoyment of the Anac
onda Offerings to ensure it is part of a curriculum.
2.2 Use by Authorized Users. Your "Authorized Users" are your employees, agents,
 and independent contractors (including outsourcing service providers) who you a
uthorize to use the Anaconda Offering(s) on Your behalf for Your Internal Use, p
rovided that You are responsible for: (a) ensuring that such Authorized Users co
mply with these TOS or an applicable Custom Agreement; and  (b) any breach of th
ese TOS by such Authorized Users.
2.3 Use by Your Affiliates. Your Affiliates may use the Anaconda Offering(s) on 
Your behalf for Your Internal Use only with prior written approval from Anaconda
. Such Affiliate usage is limited to those Affiliates who were defined as such u
pon the Effective Date of these TOS. Usage by organizations who become Your Affi
liates after the Effective Date may require a separate license, at Anaconda's di
scretion.
2.4 Licenses for Systems. For each End User Computing Device ("EUCD") (i.e. lapt
ops, desktop devices) one license covers one installation and a reasonable numbe
r of virtual installations on the EUCD (e.g. Docker, VirtualBox, Parallels, etc.
). Any other installations, usage, deployments, or access must have an individua
l license per each additional usage.
2.5 Mirroring. You may only Mirror the Anaconda Offerings with the purchase of a
 Site License unless explicitly included in an Order Form or Custom Agreement.
2.6 Beta Offerings. Anaconda provides Beta Offerings "AS-IS" without support or 
any express or implied warranty or indemnity for any problems or issue s, and An
aconda has no liability relating to Your use of the Beta Offerings. Unless agree
d in writing by Anaconda, You will not put Beta Offerings into production use. Y
ou may only use the Beta Offerings for the period specified by Anaconda in writi
ng; (b) Anaconda, in its discretion, may stop providing the Beta Offerings at an
y time, at which point You must immediately cease using the Beta Offering(s); an
d (c) Beta Offerings may contain bugs, errors, or other issues..
2.7 Content. In consideration of Your payment of Subscription Fees, Anaconda her
eby grants to You and Your Users a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, no
n-sublicensable, revocable, limited right and license during the Usage Term to a
ccess, input, use, transmit, copy, process, and measure the Content solely (1) w
ithin the Offerings and to the extent required to enable the ordinary and unmodi
fied functionality of the Offerings as described in the Offering descriptions, a
nd (2) for your Internal Use. Customer hereby acknowledge that the grant hereund
er is solely being provided for your Internal Use and not to modify or to create
 any derivatives based on the Content.
3. ANACONDA OFFERINGS
3.1 Upgrades or Additional Copies of Offerings. You may only use additional copi
es of the Offerings beyond Your Order if You have acquired such rights under an 
agreement with Anaconda and you may only use Upgrades under Your Order to the ex
tent you have discontinued use of prior versions of the Offerings.
3.2 Changes to Offerings; Maintenance. Anaconda may: (a) enhance or refine an Of
fering, although in doing so, Anaconda will not materially reduce the core funct
ionality of that Offering, except as contemplated in Section 3.4 (End of Life); 
and (b) perform scheduled maintenance of the infrastructure and software used to
 provide an Offering, during which You may experience some disruption to that Of
fering.  Whenever reasonably practicable, Anaconda will provide You with advance
 notice of such maintenance. You acknowledge that occasionally, Anaconda may nee
d to perform emergency maintenance without providing You advance notice, during 
which Anaconda may temporarily suspend Your access to, and use of, the Offering.
3.3 Use with Third Party Products. If You use the Anaconda Offering(s) with thir
d party products, such use is at Your risk. Anaconda does not provide support or
 guarantee ongoing integration support for products that are not a native part o
f the Anaconda Offering(s).
3.4 End of Life. Anaconda reserves the right to discontinue the availability of 
an Anaconda Offering, including its component functionality, hereinafter referre
d to as "End of Life" or "EOL", by providing written notice through its official
 website, accessible at www.anaconda.com at least sixty (60) days prior to the E
OL. In such instances, Anaconda is under no obligation to provide support in the
 transition away from the EOL Offering or feature, You shall transition to the l
atest version of the Anaconda Offering, as soon as the newest Version is release
d in order to maintain uninterrupted service. In the event that You or Your desi
gnated Anaconda Partner have previously remitted a prepaid fee for the utilizati
on of Anaconda Offering, and if the said Offering becomes subject to End of Life
 (EOL) before the end of an existing Usage Term, Anaconda shall undertake commer
cially reasonable efforts to provide the necessary information to facilitate a s
mooth transition to an alternative Anaconda Offering that bears substantial simi
larity in terms of functionality and capabilities. Anaconda will not be held lia
ble for any direct or indirect consequences arising from the EOL of an Offering 
or feature, including but not limited to data loss, service interruption, or any
 impact on business operations.
4. OPEN SOURCE, CONTENT & APPLICATIONS
4.1 Open-Source Software & Packages. Our Offerings include open-source libraries
, components, utilities, and third-party software that is distributed or otherwi
se made available as "free software," "open-source software," or under a similar
 licensing or distribution model ("Open-Source Software"), which may be subject 
to third party open-source license terms (the "Open-Source Terms"). Certain Offe
rings are intended for use with open-source Python and R software packages and t
ools for statistical computing and graphical analysis ("Packages"), which are ma
de available in source code form by third parties and Community Users. As such, 
certain Offerings interoperate with certain Open-Source Software components, inc
luding without limitation Open Source Packages, as part of its basic functionali
ty; and to use certain Offerings, You will need to separately license Open-Sourc
e Software and Packages from the licensor. Anaconda is not responsible for Open-
Source Software or Packages and does not assume any obligations or liability wit
h respect to You or Your Users' use of Open-Source Software or Packages. Notwith
standing anything to the contrary, Anaconda makes no warranty or indemnity hereu
nder with respect to any Open-Source Software or Packages. Some of such Open-Sou
rce Terms or other license agreements applicable to Packages determine that to t
he extent applicable to the respective Open-Source Software or Packages licensed
 thereunder.  Any such terms prevail over any conflicting license terms, includi
ng these TOS. Anaconda will use best efforts to use only Open-Source Software an
d Packages that do not impose any obligation or affect the Customer Data (as def
ined hereinafter) or Intellectual Property Rights of Customer (beyond what is st
ated in the Open-Source Terms and herein), on an ordinary use of our Offerings t
hat do not involve any modification, distribution, or independent use of such Op
en-Source Software.
4.2 Open Source Project Affiliation. Anaconda's software packages are not affili
ated with upstream open source projects. While Anaconda may distribute and adapt
 open source software packages for user convenience, such distribution does not 
imply any endorsement, approval, or validation of the original software's qualit
y, security, or suitability for specific purposes.
4.3 Third-Party Services and Content. You may access or use, at Your sole discre
tion, certain third-party products, services, and Content that interoperate with
 the Offerings including, but not limited to: (a) third party Packages, componen
ts, applications, services, data, content, or resources found in the Offerings, 
and (b) third-party service integrations made available through the Offerings or
 APIs (collectively, "Third-Party Services"). Each Third-Party Service is govern
ed by the applicable terms and policies of the third-party provider. The terms u
nder which You access, use, or download Third-Party Services are solely between 
You and the applicable Third-Party Service provider. Anaconda does not make any 
representations, warranties, or guarantees regarding the Third-Party Services or
 the providers thereof, including, but not limited to, the Third-Party Services'
 continued availability, security, and integrity. Third-Party Services are made 
available by Anaconda on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis, and Anaconda may c
ease providing them in the Offerings at any time in its sole discretion and You 
shall not be entitled to any refund, credit, or other compensation.
5. CUSTOMER CONTENT, APPLICATIONS & RESPONSIBILITIES
5.1 Customer Content and Applications. Your content remains your own. We assume 
no liability for the content you publish through our services. However, you must
 adhere to our Acceptable Use Policy while utilizing our platform. You can share
 your submitted Customer Content or Customer Applications with others using our 
Offerings. By sharing Your Content, you grant legal rights to those You give acc
ess to. Anaconda has no responsibility to enforce, police, or otherwise aid You 
in enforcing or policing the terms of the license(s) or permission(s) You have c
hosen to offer. Anaconda is not liable for third-party misuse of your submitted 
Customer Content or Customer Applications on our Offerings. Customer Application
s does not include any derivative works that might be created out of open source
 where the license prohibits derivative works.
5.2 Removal of Customer Content and Applications. If You received a removal noti
fication regarding any Customer Content or a Customer Application due to legal r
easons or policy violations, you promptly must do so. If You don't comply or the
 violation persists, Anaconda may disable the Content or your access to the Cont
ent. If required, You must confirm in writing that you've deleted or stopped usi
ng the Customer Content or Customer Applications. Anaconda might also remove Cus
tomer Content or Customer Applications if requested by a Third-party rights hold
er whose rights have been violated. Anaconda isn't obliged to store or provide c
opies of Customer Content or Customer Applications that have been removed, is Yo
ur responsibility to maintain a back-up of Your Content.
5.3 Protecting Account Access. You will keep all account information up to date,
 use reasonable means to protect Your account information, passwords, and other 
login credentials, and promptly notify Anaconda of any known or suspected unauth
orized use of or access to Your account.
6. YOUR DATA, PRIVACY & SECURITY
6.1 Your Data. Your Data, hereinafter "Customer Data", is any data, files, attac
hments, text, images, reports, personal information, or any other data that is, 
uploaded or submitted, transmitted, or otherwise made available, to or through t
he Offerings, by You or any of your Authorized Users and is processed by Anacond
a on your behalf. For the avoidance of doubt, Anonymized Data is not regarded as
 Customer Data. You retain all right, title, interest, and control, in and to th
e Customer Data, in the form submitted to the Offerings. Subject to these TOS, Y
ou grant Anaconda a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to store, acc
ess, use, process, copy, transmit, distribute, perform, export, and display the 
Customer Data, and solely to the extent that reformatting Customer Data for disp
lay in the Offerings constitutes a modification or derivative work, the foregoin
g license also includes the right to make modifications and derivative works. Th
e aforementioned license is hereby granted solely: (i) to maintain, improve and 
provide You the Offerings; (ii) to prevent or address technical or security issu
es and resolve support requests; (iii) to investigate when we have a good faith 
belief, or have received a complaint alleging, that such Customer Data is in vio
lation of these TOS; (iv) to comply with a valid legal subpoena, request, or oth
er lawful process; (v) detect and avoid overage of use of our Offering and confi
rm compliance by Customer with these TOS and other applicable agreements and pol
icies;  (vi) to create Anonymized Data whether directly or through telemetry, an
d (vi) as expressly permitted in writing by You. Anaconda may use and retain you
r Account Information for business purposes related to these TOS and to the exte
nt necessary to meet Anaconda's legal compliance obligations (including, for aud
it and anti-fraud purposes). We reserve the right to utilize aggregated data to 
enhance our Offerings functionality, ensure  compliance, avoid Offering overuse,
 and derive insights from customer behavior, in strict adherence to our Privacy 
Policy.
6.2 Processing Customer Data. The ordinary operation of certain Offerings requir
es Customer Data to pass through Anaconda's network. To the extent that Anaconda
 processes Customer Data on your behalf that includes Personal Data, Anaconda wi
ll handle such Personal Data in compliance with our Data Processing Addendum.
6.3 Privacy Policy.  If You obtained the Offering under these TOS, the condition
s pertaining to the handling of your Personal Data, as described in our Privacy 
Policy, shall govern. However, in instances where your offering acquisition is e
xecuted through a Custom Agreement, the terms articulated within our Data Proces
sing Agreement ("DPA") shall take precedence over our Privacy Policy concerning 
data processing matters.
6.4 Aggregated  Data. Anaconda retains all right, title, and interest in the mod
els, observations, reports, analyses, statistics, databases, and other informati
on created, compiled, analyzed, generated or derived by Anaconda from platform, 
network, or traffic data in the course of providing the Offerings ("Aggregated D
ata"). To the extent the Aggregated Data includes any Personal Data, Anaconda wi
ll handle such Personal Data in compliance with applicable data protection laws 
and the Privacy Policy or DPA, as applicable.
6.5 Offering Security. Anaconda will implement industry standard security safegu
ards for the protection of Customer Confidential Information, including any Cust
omer Content originating or transmitted from or processed by the Offerings and/o
r cached on or within Anaconda's network and stored within the Offerings in acco
rdance with its policies and procedures. These safeguards include commercially r
easonable administrative, technical, and organizational measures to protect Cust
omer Content against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, or 
unauthorized access, including such things as information security policies and 
procedures, security awareness training, threat and vulnerability management, in
cident response and breach notification, and vendor risk management procedures.
7. SUPPORT
7.1 Support Services. Anaconda offers Support Services that may be included with
 an Offering. Anaconda will provide the purchased level of Support Services in a
ccordance with the terms of the Support Policy as detailed in the applicable Ord
er. Unless ordered, Anaconda shall have no responsibility to deliver Support Ser
vices to You. The Support Service Levels and Tiers are described in the relevant
 Support Policy, found here.
7.2 Information Backups. You are aware of the risk that Your Content may be lost
 or irreparably damaged due to faults, suspension, or termination. While we migh
t back up data, we cannot guarantee these backups will occur to meet your freque
ncy needs or ensure successful recovery of Your Content. It is your obligation t
o back up any Content you wish to preserve. We bear no legal liability for the l
oss or damage of Your Content.
8. OWNERSHIP & INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
8.1 General. Unless agreed in writing, nothing in these TOS transfers ownership 
in, or grants any license to, any Intellectual Property Rights.
8.2 Feedback. Anaconda may use any feedback You provide in connection with Your 
use of the Anaconda Offering(s) as part of its business operations. You hereby a
gree that any feedback provided to Anaconda will be the intellectual property of
 Anaconda without compensation to the provider, author, creator, or inventor of 
providing the feedback.
8.3 DMCA Compliance. You agree to adhere to our Digital Millennium Copyright Act
 (DMCA) policies established in our Acceptable Use Policy.
9. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
9.1 Confidential Information. In connection with these TOS and the Offerings (in
cluding the evaluation thereof), each Party ("Discloser") may disclose to the ot
her Party ("Recipient"), non-public business, product, technology and marketing 
information, including without limitation, customers lists and information, know
-how, software and any other non-public information that is either identified as
 such or should reasonably be understood to be confidential given the nature of 
the information and the circumstances of disclosure, whether disclosed prior or 
after the Effective Date ("Confidential Information"). For the avoidance of doub
t, (i) Customer Data is regarded as your Confidential Information, and (ii) our 
Offerings, including Beta Offerings, and inclusive of their underlying technolog
y, and their respective performance information, as well as any data, reports, a
nd materials we provided to You in connection with your evaluation or use of the
 Offerings, are regarded as our Confidential Information. Confidential Informati
on does not include information that (a) is or becomes generally available to th
e public without breach of any obligation owed to the Discloser; (b) was known t
o the Recipient prior to its disclosure by the Discloser without breach of any o
bligation owed to the Discloser; (c) is received from a third party without brea
ch of any obligation owed to the Discloser; or (d) was independently developed b
y the Recipient without any use or reference to the Confidential Information.
9.2 Confidentiality Obligations. The Recipient will (i) take at least reasonable
 measures to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of Confidential Informat
ion, and limit access to those employees, affiliates, service providers and agen
ts, on a need to know basis and who are bound by confidentiality obligations at 
least as restrictive as those contained herein; and (ii) not use or disclose any
 Confidential Information to any third party, except as part of its performance 
under these TOS and to consultants and advisors to such party, provided that any
 such disclosure shall be governed by confidentiality obligations at least as re
strictive as those contained herein.
9.3 Compelled Disclosure. Notwithstanding the above, Confidential Information ma
y be disclosed pursuant to the order or requirement of a court, administrative a
gency, or other governmental body; provided, however, that to the extent legally
 permissible, the Recipient shall make best efforts to provide prompt written no
tice of such court order or requirement to the Discloser to enable the Discloser
 to seek a protective order or otherwise prevent or restrict such disclosure.
10. INDEMNIFICATION
10.1 By Customer. Customer hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless A
naconda and our Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees a
nd agents from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, liabilities
, losses, reasonable expenses or costs incurred as a result of any third party c
laim arising from (i) You and/or any of your Authorized Users', violation of the
se TOS or applicable law; and/or (ii) Customer Data and/or Customer Content, inc
luding the use of Customer Data and/or Customer Content by Anaconda and/or any o
f our subcontractors, which infringes or violates, any third party's rights, inc
luding, without limitation, Intellectual Property Rights.
10.2 By Anaconda. Anaconda will defend any third party claim against You that Yo
ur valid use of Anaconda Offering(s) under Your Order infringes a third party's 
U.S. patent, copyright or U.S. registered trademark (the "IP Claim"). Anaconda w
ill indemnify You against the final judgment entered by a court of competent jur
isdiction or any settlements arising out of an IP Claim, provided that You:  (a)
 promptly notify Anaconda in writing of the IP Claim;  (b) fully cooperate with 
Anaconda in the defense of the IP Claim; and (c) grant Anaconda the right to exc
lusively control the defense and settlement of the IP Claim, and any subsequent 
appeal. Anaconda will have no obligation to reimburse You for Your attorney fees
 and costs in connection with any IP Claim for which Anaconda is providing defen
se and indemnification hereunder. You, at Your own expense, may retain Your own 
legal representation.
10.3 Additional Remedies. If an IP Claim is made and prevents Your exercise of t
he Usage Rights, Anaconda will either procure for You the right to continue usin
g the Anaconda Offering(s), or replace or modify the Anaconda Offering(s) with f
unctionality that is non-infringing. Only if Anaconda determines that these alte
rnatives are not reasonably available, Anaconda may terminate Your Usage Rights 
granted under these TOS upon written notice to You and will refund You a prorate
d portion of the fee You paid for the Anaconda Offering(s) for the remainder of 
the unexpired Usage Term.
10.4 Exclusions.  Anaconda has no obligation regarding any IP Claim based on: (a
) compliance with any designs, specifications, or requirements You provide or a 
third party provides; (b) Your modification of any Anaconda Offering(s) or modif
ication by a third party; (c) the amount or duration of use made of the Anaconda
 Offering(s), revenue You earned, or services You offered; (d) combination, oper
ation, or use of the Anaconda Offering(s) with non-Anaconda products, software o
r business processes; (e) Your failure to modify or replace the Anaconda Offerin
g(s) as required by Anaconda; or (f) any Anaconda Offering(s) provided on a no c
harge, beta or evaluation basis; or (g) your use of the Open Source Software and
/or Third Party Services made available to You within the Anaconda Offerings.
10.5 Exclusive Remedy. This Section 9 (Indemnification) states Anaconda's entire
 obligation and Your exclusive remedy regarding any IP Claim against You.
11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
11.1 Limitation of Liability. Neither Party will be liable for indirect, inciden
tal, exemplary, punitive, special or consequential damages; loss or corruption o
f data or interruption or loss of business; or loss of revenues, profits, goodwi
ll or anticipated sales or savings except as a result of violation of Anaconda's
 Intellectual Property Rights. Except as a result of violation of Anaconda's Int
ellectual Property Rights, the maximum aggregate liability of each party under t
hese TOS is limited to: (a) for claims solely arising from software licensed on 
a perpetual basis, the fees received by Anaconda for that Offering; or (b) for a
ll other claims, the fees received by Anaconda for the applicable Anaconda Offer
ing and attributable to the 12 month period immediately preceding the first clai
m giving rise to such liability; provided if no fees have been received by Anaco
nda, the maximum aggregate liability shall be one hundred US dollars ($100). Thi
s limitation of liability applies whether the claims are in warranty, contract, 
tort (including negligence), infringement, or otherwise, even if either party ha
s been advised of the possibility of such damages. Nothing in these TOS limits o
r excludes any liability that cannot be limited or excluded under applicable law
. This limitation of liability is cumulative and not per incident.
12. FEES & PAYMENT
12.1 Fees. Orders for the Anaconda Offering(s) are non-cancellable. Fees for You
r use of an Anaconda Offering are set out in Your Order or similar purchase term
s with Your Approved Source. If payment is not received within the specified pay
ment terms, any overdue and unpaid balances will be charged interest at a rate o
f five percent (5%) per month, charged daily until the balance is paid.
12.2 Billing. You agree to provide us with updated, accurate, and complete billi
ng information, and You hereby authorize Anaconda, either directly or through ou
r payment processing service or our Affiliates, to charge the applicable Fees se
t forth in Your Order via your selected payment method, upon the due date. Unles
s expressly set forth herein, the Fees are non-cancelable and non-refundable. We
 reserve the right to change the Fees at any time, upon notice to You if such ch
ange may affect your existing Subscriptions or other renewable services upon ren
ewal. In the event of failure to collect the Fees You owe, we may, at our sole d
iscretion (but shall not be obligated to), retry to collect at a later time, and
/or suspend or cancel the Account, without notice. If You pay fees by credit car
d, Anaconda will charge the credit card in accordance with Your Subscription pla
n. You remain liable for any fees which are rejected by the card issuer or charg
ed back to Anaconda.
12.3 Taxes. The Fees are exclusive of any and all taxes (including without limit
ation, value added tax, sales tax, use tax, excise, goods and services tax, etc.
), levies, or duties, which may be imposed in respect of these TOS and the purch
ase or sale, of the Offerings or other services set forth in the Order (the "Tax
es"), except for Taxes imposed on our income.
12.4 Payment Through Anaconda Partner. If You purchased an Offering from an Anac
onda Partner or other Approved Source, then to the extent there is any conflict 
between these TOS and any terms of service entered between You and the respectiv
e Partner, including any purchase order, then, as between You and Anaconda, thes
e TOS shall prevail. Any rights granted to You and/or any of the other Users in 
a separate agreement with a Partner which are not contained in these TOS, apply 
only in connection vis a vis the Partner.
13. TERM, TERMINATION & SUSPENSION
13.1 Subscription Term. The Offerings are provided on a subscription basis for t
he term specified in your Order (the "Subscription Term"). The termination or su
spension of an individual Order will not terminate or suspend any other Order. I
f these TOS are terminated in whole, all outstanding Order(s) will terminate.
13.2 Subscription Auto-Renewal. To prevent interruption or loss of service when 
using the Offerings or any Subscription and Support Services will renew automati
cally, unless You cancel your license to the Offering, Subscription or Support S
ervices agreement prior to their expiration.
13.3 Termination. If a party materially breaches these TOS and does not cure tha
t breach within 30 days after receipt of written notice of the breach, the non-b
reaching party may terminate these TOS for cause.  Anaconda may immediately term
inate your Usage Rights if You breach Section 1 (Access & Use), Section 4 (Open 
Source, Content & Applications), Section 8 (Ownership & Intellectual Property) o
r Section 16.10 (Export) or any of the Offering Descriptions.
13.4 Survival. Section 8 (Ownership & Intellectual Property), Section 6.4 (Aggre
gated Data), Section 9 (Confidential Information), Section 9.3 (Warranty Disclai
mer), Section 12 (Limitation of Liability), Section 14 (Term, Termination & Susp
ension),  obligations to make payment under Section 13 which accrued prior to te
rmination (Fees & Payment), Section 14.4 (Survival), Section 14.5 (Effect of Ter
mination), Section 15 (Records, User Count) and Section 16 (General Provisions) 
survive termination or expiration of these TOS.
13.5 Effect of Termination. Upon termination of the TOS, You must stop using the
 Anaconda Offering(s) and destroy any copies of Anaconda Proprietary Technology 
and Confidential Information within Your control. Upon Anaconda's termination of
 these TOS for Your material breach, You will pay Anaconda or the Approved Sourc
e any unpaid fees through to the end of the then-current Usage Term. If You cont
inue to use or access any Anaconda Offering(s) after termination, Anaconda or th
e Approved Source may invoice You, and You agree to pay, for such continued use.
 Anaconda may require evidence of compliance with this Section 13. Upon request,
 you agree to provide evidence of compliance to Anaconda demonstrating that all 
proprietary Anaconda Offering(s) or components thereof have been removed from yo
ur systems. Such evidence may be in the form of a system scan report or other si
milarly detailed method.
13.6 Excessive Usage. We shall have the right to throttle or restrict Your acces
s to the Offerings where we, at our sole discretion, believe that You and/or any
 of your Authorized Users, have misused the Offerings or otherwise use the Offer
ings in an excessive manner compared to the anticipated standard use (at our sol
e discretion) of the Offerings, including, without limitation, excessive network
 traffic and bandwidth, size and/or length of Content, quality and/or format of 
Content, sources of Content, volume of download time, etc.
14. RECORDS, USER COUNT
14.1 Verification Records. During the Usage Term and for a period of thirty six 
(36) months after its expiry or termination, You will take reasonable steps to m
aintain complete and accurate records of Your use of the Anaconda Offering(s) su
fficient to verify compliance with these TOS ("Verification Records"). Upon reas
onable advance notice, and no more than once per 12 month period unless the prio
r review showed a breach by You, You will, within thirty (30) days from Anaconda
's notice, allow Anaconda and/or its auditors access to the Verification Records
 and any applicable books, systems (including Anaconda product(s) or other equip
ment), and accounts during Your normal business hours.
14.2 Quarterly User Count. In accordance with the pricing structure stipulated w
ithin the relevant Order Form and this Agreement, in instances where the pricing
 assessment is contingent upon the number of users, Anaconda will conduct a peri
odic true-up on  a quarterly basis to ascertain the alignment between the actual
 number of users utilizing the services and the initially reported user count, a
nd to assess for any unauthorized or noncompliant usage.
14.3 Penalties for Overage or Noncompliant Use.  Should the actual user count ex
ceed the figure initially provided, or unauthorized usage is uncovered, the cont
racting party shall remunerate the difference to Anaconda, encompassing the addi
tional users or noncompliant use in compliance with Anaconda's then-current pric
ing terms. The payment for such difference shall be due in accordance with the i
nvoicing and payment provisions specified in these TOS and/or within the relevan
t Order and the Agreement. In the event there is no custom commercial agreement 
beyond these TOS between You and Anaconda at the time of a true-up pursuant to S
ection 13.2, and said true-up uncovers unauthorized or noncompliant usage, You w
ill remunerate Anaconda via a back bill for any fees owed as a result of all una
uthorized usage after April of 2020.  Fees may be waived by Anaconda at its disc
retion.
15. GENERAL PROVISIONS
15.1 Order of Precedence. If there is any conflict between these TOS and any Off
ering Description expressly referenced in these TOS, the order of precedence is:
 (a) such Offering Description;  (b) these TOS (excluding the Offering Descripti
on and any Anaconda policies); then (c) any applicable Anaconda policy expressly
 referenced in these TOS and any agreement expressly incorporated by reference. 
 If there is a Custom Agreement, the Custom Agreement shall control over these T
OS.
15.2 Entire Agreement. These TOS are the complete agreement between the parties 
regarding the subject matter of these TOS and supersedes all prior or contempora
neous communications, understandings or agreements (whether written or oral) unl
ess a Custom Agreement has been executed where, in such case, the Custom Agreeme
nt shall continue in full force and effect and shall control.
15.3 Modifications to the TOS. Anaconda may change these TOS or any of its compo
nents by updating these TOS on legal.anaconda.com/terms-of-service. Changes to t
he TOS apply to any Orders acquired or renewed after the date of modification.
15.4 Third Party Beneficiaries. These TOS do not grant any right or cause of act
ion to any third party.
15.5 Assignment. Anaconda may assign this Agreement to (a) an Affiliate; or (b) 
a successor or acquirer pursuant to a merger or sale of all or substantially all
 of such party's assets at any time and without written notice. Subject to the f
oregoing, this Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of A
naconda and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
15.6 US Government End Users. The Offerings and Documentation are deemed to be "
commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation" p
ursuant to FAR 12.212 and DFARS 227.7202. All US Government end users acquire th
e Offering(s) and Documentation with only those rights set forth in these TOS. A
ny provisions that are inconsistent with federal procurement regulations are not
 enforceable against the US Government. In no event shall source code be provide
d or considered to be a deliverable or a software deliverable under these TOS.
15.7 Anaconda Partner Transactions. If You purchase access to an Anaconda Offeri
ng from an Anaconda Partner, the terms of these TOS apply to Your use of that An
aconda Offering and prevail over any inconsistent provisions in Your agreement w
ith the Anaconda Partner.
15.8 Children and Minors. If You are under 18 years old, then by entering into t
hese TOS You explicitly stipulate that (i) You have legal capacity to consent to
 these TOS or Your parent or legal guardian has done so on Your behalf;  (ii) Yo
u understand the Anaconda Privacy Policy; and (iii) You understand that certain 
underage users are strictly prohibited from using certain features and functiona
lities provided by the Anaconda Offering(s). You may not enter into these TOS if
 You are under 13 years old.  Anaconda does not intentionally seek to collect or
 solicit personal information from individuals under the age of 13. In the event
 we become aware that we have inadvertently obtained personal information from a
 child under the age of 13 without appropriate parental consent, we shall expedi
tiously delete such information. If applicable law allows the utilization of an 
Offering with parental consent, such consent shall be demonstrated in accordance
 with the prescribed process outlined by Anaconda's Privacy Policy for obtaining
 parental approval.
15.9 Compliance with Laws.  Each party will comply with all laws and regulations
 applicable to their respective obligations under these TOS.
15.10 Export. The Anaconda Offerings are subject to U.S. and local export contro
l and sanctions laws. You acknowledge and agree to the applicability of and Your
 compliance with those laws, and You will not receive, use, transfer, export or 
re-export any Anaconda Offerings in a way that would cause Anaconda to violate t
hose laws. You also agree to obtain any required licenses or authorizations.  Wi
thout limiting the foregoing, You may not acquire Offerings if: (1) you are in, 
under the control of, or a national or resident of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Suda
n or Syria or if you are on the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated 
Nationals List or the U.S. Commerce Department's Denied Persons List, Unverified
 List or Entity List or (2) you intend to supply the acquired goods, services or
 software to Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan or Syria (or a national or resident 
of one of these countries) or to a person on the Specially Designated Nationals 
List, Denied Persons List, Unverified List or Entity List.
15.11 Governing Law and Venue. THESE TOS, AND ANY DISPUTES ARISING FROM THEM, WI
LL BE GOVERNED EXCLUSIVELY BY THE GOVERNING LAW OF DELAWARE AND WITHOUT REGARD T
O CONFLICTS OF LAWS RULES OR THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON THE INTERNATIONAL 
SALE OF GOODS. EACH PARTY CONSENTS AND SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF 
COURTS LOCATED WITHIN THE STATE OF DELAWARE.  EACH PARTY DOES HEREBY WAIVE HIS/H
ER/ITS RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, TO PARTICIPATE AS THE MEMBER OF A CLASS IN ANY 
PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING OR TO NAME UNNAMED MEMBERS IN ANY PUR
PORTED CLASS ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDINGS. You acknowledge that any violation of 
the requirements under Section 4 (Ownership & Intellectual Property) or Section 
7 (Confidential Information) may cause irreparable damage to Anaconda and that A
naconda will be entitled to seek injunctive and other equitable or legal relief 
to prevent or compensate for such unauthorized use.
15.12 California Residents. If you are a California resident, in accordance with
 Cal. Civ. Code subsection 1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint As
sistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department 
of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Su
ite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
15.13 Notices. Any notice delivered by Anaconda to You under these TOS will be d
elivered via email, regular mail or postings on www.anaconda.com. Notices to Ana
conda should be sent to Anaconda, Inc., Attn: Legal at 1108 Lavaca Street, Suite
 110-645 Austin, TX 78701 and legal@anaconda.com.
15.14 Publicity. Anaconda reserves the right to reference You as a customer and 
display your logo and name on our website and other promotional materials for ma
rketing purposes. Any display of your logo and name shall be in compliance with 
Your branding guidelines, if provided  by notice pursuant to Section 14.12 by Yo
u. Except as provided in this Section 14.13 or by separate mutual written agreem
ent, neither party will use the logo, name or trademarks of the other party or r
efer to the other party in any form of publicity or press release without such p
arty's prior written approval.
15.15 Force Majeure. Except for payment obligations, neither Party will be respo
nsible for failure to perform its obligations due to an event or circumstances b
eyond its reasonable control.
15.16 No Waiver; Severability. Failure by either party to enforce any right unde
r these TOS will not waive that right. If any portion of these TOS are not enfor
ceable, it will not affect any other terms.
15.17 Electronic Signatures.  IF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS FURTHER EVIDENCE
D BY YOUR AFFIRMATIVE ASSENT TO THE SAME (E.G., BY A "CHECK THE BOX" ACKNOWLEDGM
ENT PROCEDURE), THEN THAT AFFIRMATIVE ASSENT IS THE EQUIVALENT OF YOUR ELECTRONI
C SIGNATURE TO THESE TERMS.  HOWEVER, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, YOUR ELECTRONI
C SIGNATURE IS NOT REQUIRED TO EVIDENCE OR FACILITATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE AND AGREEM
ENT TO THESE TERMS, AS YOU AGREE THAT THE CONDUCT DESCRIBED IN THESE TOS AS RELA
TING TO YOUR ACCEPTANCE AND AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS ALONE SUFFICES.
16. DEFINITIONS
"Affiliate" means any corporation or legal entity that directly or indirectly co
ntrols, or is controlled by, or is under common control with the relevant party,
 where "control" means to: (a) own more than 50% of the relevant party; or (b) b
e able to direct the affairs of the relevant party through any lawful means (e.g
., a contract that allows control).
"Anaconda" "we" "our" or "us" means Anaconda, Inc. or its applicable Affiliate(s
).
"Anaconda Content" means any:  Anaconda Content includes geographic and domain i
nformation, rules, signatures, threat intelligence and data feeds and Anaconda's
 compilation of suspicious URLs.
"Anaconda Partner" or "Partner" means an Anaconda authorized reseller, distribut
or or systems integrator authorized by Anaconda to sell Anaconda Offerings.
"Anaconda Offering" or "Offering" means the Anaconda Services, Anaconda software
, Documentation, software development kits ("SDKs"), application programming int
erfaces ("APIs"), and any other items or services provided by Anaconda any Upgra
des thereto under the terms of these TOS, the relevant Offering Descriptions, as
 identified in the relevant Order, and/or any updates thereto.
"Anaconda Proprietary Technology" means any software, code, tools, libraries, sc
ripts, APIs, SDKs, templates, algorithms, data science recipes (including any so
urce code for data science recipes and any modifications to such source code), d
ata science workflows, user interfaces, links, proprietary methods and systems, 
know-how, trade secrets, techniques, designs, inventions, and other tangible or 
intangible technical material, information and works of authorship underlying or
 otherwise used to make available the Anaconda Offerings including, without limi
tation, all Intellectual Property Rights therein and thereto.
"Anaconda Service" means Support Services and any other consultation or professi
onal services provided by or on behalf of Anaconda under the terms of the Agreem
ent, as identified in the applicable Order and/or SOW.
"Approved Source" means Anaconda or an Anaconda Partner.
"Anonymized Data" means any Personal Data (including Customer Personal Data) and
 data regarding usage trends and behavior with respect to Offerings, that has be
en anonymized such that the Data Subject to whom it relates cannot be identified
, directly or indirectly, by Anaconda or any other party reasonably likely to re
ceive or access that anonymized Personal Data or usage trends and behavior.
"Authorized Users" means Your Users, Your Affiliates who have been identified to
 Anaconda and approved, Your third-party service providers, and each of their re
spective Users who are permitted to access and use the Anaconda Offering(s) on Y
our behalf as part of Your Order.
"Beta Offerings" Beta Offerings means any portion of the Offerings offered on a 
"beta" basis, as designated by Anaconda, including but not limited to, products,
 plans, services, and platforms.
"Content" means Packages, components, applications, services, data, content, or 
resources, which are available for download access or use through the Offerings,
 and owned by third-party providers, defined herein as Third Party Content, or A
naconda, defined herein as Anaconda Content.
"Documentation" means the technical specifications and usage materials officiall
y published by Anaconda specifying the functionalities and capabilities of the a
pplicable Anaconda Offerings.
"Educational Entities" means educational organizations, classroom learning envir
onments, or academic instructional organizations.
"Fees" mean the costs and fees for the Anaconda Offerings(s) set forth within th
e Order and/or SOW, or any fees due immediately when purchasing via the web-port
al.
"Government Entities" means any body, board, department, commission, court, trib
unal, authority, agency or other instrumentality of any such government or other
wise exercising any executive, legislative, judicial, administrative or regulato
ry functions of any Federal, State, or local government (including multijurisdic
tional agencies, instrumentalities, and entities of such government)
"Internal Use" means Customer's use of an Offering for Customer's own internal o
perations, to perform Python/R data science and machine learning on a single pla
tform from Customer's systems, networks, and devices. Such use does not include 
use on a service bureau basis or otherwise to provide services to, or process da
ta for, any third party, or otherwise use to monitor or service the systems, net
works, and devices of third parties.
"Intellectual Property Rights" means any and all now known or hereafter existing
 worldwide: (a) rights associated with works of authorship, including copyrights
, mask work rights, and moral rights; (b) trademark or service mark rights; (c) 
Confidential Information, including trade secret rights; (d) patents, patent rig
hts, and industrial property rights; (e) layout design rights, design rights, an
d other proprietary rights of every kind and nature other than trade dress, and 
similar rights; and (f) all registrations, applications, renewals, extensions, o
r reissues of the foregoing.
"Malicious Code" means code designed or intended to disable or impede the normal
 operation of, or provide unauthorized access to, networks, systems, Software or
 Cloud Services other than as intended by the Anaconda Offerings (for example, a
s part of some of Anaconda's Security Offering(s).
"Mirror" or "Mirroring" means the unauthorized or authorized act of duplicating,
 copying, or replicating an Anaconda Offering,  (e.g. repository, including its 
contents, files, and data),, from Anaconda's servers to another location. If Mir
roring is not performed under a site license, or by written authorization by Ana
conda, the Mirroring constitutes a violation of Anaconda's Terms of Service and 
licensing agreements.
"Offering Description"' means a legally structured and detailed description outl
ining the features, specifications, terms, and conditions associated with a part
icular product, service, or offering made available to customers or users. The O
ffering Description serves as a legally binding document that defines the scope 
of the offering, including pricing, licensing terms, usage restrictions, and any
 additional terms and conditions.
"Order" or "Order Form"  means a legally binding document, website page, or elec
tronic mail that outlines the specific details of Your purchase of Anaconda Offe
rings or Anaconda Services, including but not limited to product specifications,
 pricing, quantities, and payment terms either issued by Anaconda or from an App
roved Source.
"Personal Data" Refers to information falling within the definition of 'personal
 data' and/or 'personal information' as outlined by Relevant Data Protection Reg
ulations, such as a personal identifier (e.g., name, last name, and email), fina
ncial information (e.g., bank account numbers) and online identifiers (e.g., IP 
addresses, geolocation.
"Relevant Data Protection Regulations" mean, as applicable, (a) Personal Informa
tion Protection and Electronic Documents Act (S.C. 2000, c. 5) along with any su
pplementary or replacement bills enacted into law by the Government of Canada (c
ollectively "PIPEDA"); (b) the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (E
U) 2016/679) and applicable laws by EU member states which either supplement or 
are necessary to implement the GDPR (collectively "GDPR"); (c) the California Co
nsumer Privacy Act of 2018 (Cal. Civ. Code subsection 1798.198(a)), along with i
ts various amendments (collectively "CCPA"); (d) the GDPR as applicable under se
ction 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by the Data P
rotection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Reg
ulations 2019 (as amended) (collectively "UK GDPR"); (e) the Swiss Federal Act o
n Data Protection  of June 19, 1992 and as it may be revised from time to time (
the "FADP"); and (f) any other applicable law related to the protection of Perso
nal Data.
"Site License'' means a License that confers Customer the right to use Anaconda 
Offerings throughout an organization, encompassing authorized Users without requ
iring individual licensing arrangements. Site Licenses have limits based on comp
any size as set forth in a relevant Order, and do not cover future assignment of
 Users through mergers and acquisitions unless otherwise specified in writing by
 Anaconda.
"Software" means the Anaconda Offerings, including Upgrades, firmware, and appli
cable Documentation.
"Subscription" means the payment of recurring Fees for accessing and using Anaco
nda's Software and/or an Anaconda Service over a specified period. Your subscrip
tion grants you the right to utilize our products, receive updates, and access s
upport, all in accordance with our terms and conditions for such Offering.
"Subscription Fees" means the costs and Fees associated with a Subscription.
"Support Services" means the support and maintenance services provided by Anacon
da to You in accordance with the relevant support and maintenance policy ("Suppo
rt Policy") located at legal.anaconda.com/support-policy.
"Third Party Services" means external products, applications, or services provid
ed by entities other than Anaconda. These services may be integrated with or use
d in conjunction with Anaconda's offerings but are not directly provided or cont
rolled by Anaconda.
"Upgrades" means all updates, upgrades, bug fixes, error corrections, enhancemen
ts and other modifications to the Software.
"Usage Term" means the period commencing on the date of delivery and continuing 
until expiration or termination of the Order, during which period You have the r
ight to use the applicable Anaconda Offering.
"User"  means the individual, system (e.g. virtual machine, automated system, se
rver-side container, etc.) or organization that (a) has visited, downloaded or u
sed the Offerings(s), (b) is using the Offering or any part of the Offerings(s),
 or (c) directs the use of the Offerings(s) in the performance of its functions.
"Version" means the Offering configuration identified by a numeric representatio
n, whether left or right of the decimal place.
OFFERING DESCRIPTION: ANACONDA DISTRIBUTION INSTALLER


This Offering Description describes Anaconda Distribution Installer (hereinafter
 the "Distribution"). Your use of the Distribution is governed by this Offering 
Description, and the Anaconda Terms of Service (the "TOS", available at https://
legal.anaconda.com/policies/en/?name=terms-of-service), collectively the "Agreem
ent" between you ("You") and Anaconda, Inc. ("We" or "Anaconda"). In the event o
f a conflict, the order of precedence is as follows: 1) this Offering Descriptio
n; 2) if applicable, a Custom Agreement; and 3) the TOS if no Custom Agreement i
s in place. Capitalized terms used in this Offering Description and/or the Order
 not otherwise defined herein, including in Section 6 (Definitions), have the me
aning given to them in the TOS or Custom Agreement, as applicable. Anaconda may,
 at any time, terminate this Agreement and the license granted hereunder if you 
fail to comply with any term of this Agreement. Anaconda reserves all rights not
 expressly granted to you in this Agreement.


1. Anaconda Distribution License Grant. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, 
Anaconda hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to: (1) Ins
tall and use the Distribution on Your premises; (2) modify and create derivative
 works of sample source code delivered in the Distribution from the Anaconda Pub
lic Repository; and (3) redistribute code files in source (if provided to you by
 Anaconda as source) and binary forms, with or without modification subject to t
he requirements set forth below. Anaconda may, at any time, terminate this Agree
ment and the license granted hereunder if you fail to comply with any term of th
is Agreement.
2. Redistribution. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms of the sour
ce code delivered in the Distribution from the Anaconda Public Repository, with 
or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions ar
e met: (1) Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice set f
orth in 2.2, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer; (2) Redistrib
utions in binary form must reproduce the following copyright notice set forth in
 2.2, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation 
and/or other materials provided with the distribution; (3) Neither the name of A
naconda nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote prod
ucts derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
3. Updates. Anaconda may, at its option, make available patches, workarounds or 
other updates to the Distribution.
4. Support. This Agreement does not entitle you to any support for the Distribut
ion.
5. Intel(R) Math Kernel Library. Distribution provides access to re-distributabl
e, run-time, shared-library files from the Intel(R) Math Kernel Library ("MKL bi
naries"). Copyright (C) 2018 Intel Corporation. License available here (the "MKL
 License"). You may use and redistribute the MKL binaries, without modification,
 provided the following conditions are met: (1) Redistributions must reproduce t
he above copyright notice and the following terms of use in the MKL binaries and
 in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution; (2)
 Neither the name of Intel nor the names of its suppliers may be used to endorse
 or promote products derived from the MKL binaries without specific prior writte
n permission; (3) No reverse engineering, decompilation, or disassembly of the M
KL binaries is permitted.You are specifically authorized to use and redistribute
 the MKL binaries with your installation of Anaconda(R) Distribution subject to 
the terms set forth in the MKL License. You are also authorized to redistribute 
the MKL binaries with Anaconda(R) Distribution or in the Anaconda(R) package tha
t contains the MKL binaries.
6. cuDNN Binaries. Distribution also provides access to cuDNN(TM) software binar
ies ("cuDNN binaries") from NVIDIA(R) Corporation. You are specifically authoriz
ed to use the cuDNN binaries with your installation of Distribution subject to y
our compliance with the license agreement located at https://docs.nvidia.com/dee
ple.... You are also authorized to redistribute the cuDNN binaries with an Anaco
nda(R) Distribution package that contains the cuDNN binaries. You can add or rem
ove the cuDNN binaries utilizing the install and uninstall features in Anaconda(
R) Distribution. cuDNN binaries contain source code provided by NVIDIA Corporati
on.
7. Arm Performance Libraries. Anaconda provides access to software and related d
ocumentation from the Arm Performance Libraries ("Arm PL") provided by Arm Limit
ed. By installing or otherwise accessing the Arm PL, you acknowledge and agree t
hat use and distribution of the Arm PL is subject to your compliance with the Ar
m PL end user license agreement located here.
8. Export; Cryptography Notice. You must comply with all domestic and internatio
nal export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restri
ctions on destinations, end users, and end use. Anaconda(R) Distribution include
s cryptographic software. The country in which you currently reside may have res
trictions on the import, possession, use, and/or re-export to another country, o
f encryption software. BEFORE using any encryption software, please check your c
ountry's laws, regulations and policies concerning the import, possession, or us
e, and re-export of encryption software, to see if this is permitted. See the Wa
ssenaar Arrangement http://www.wassenaar.org/ for more information. No license i
s required for export of this software to non-embargoed countries. The Intel(R) 
Math Kernel Library contained in Anaconda(R) Distribution is classified by Intel
(R) as ECCN 5D992.c with no license required for export to non-embargoed countri
es.
9. Cryptography Notice. The following packages are included in the Distribution 
that relate to cryptography:
   1. OpenSSL. The OpenSSL Project is a collaborative effort to develop a robust
, commercial-grade, full-featured and Open Source toolkit implementing the Trans
port Layer Security (TLS) and Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocols as well as a 
full strength general purpose cryptography library.
   2. PyCrypto. A collection of both secure hash functions (such as SHA256 and R
IPEMD160), and various encryption algorithms (AES, DES, RSA, ElGamal, etc.).
   3. Pycryptodome. A fork of PyCrypto. It is a self-contained Python package of
 low-level cryptographic primitives.
   4. Pycryptodomex. A stand-alone version of Pycryptodome.
   5. PyOpenSSL. A thin Python wrapper around (a subset of) the OpenSSL library.
   6. Kerberos (krb5, non-Windows platforms). A network authentication protocol 
designed to provide strong authentication for client/server applications by usin
g secret-key cryptography.
   7. Libsodium. A software library for encryption, decryption, signatures, pass
word hashing and more.
   8. Pynacl. A Python binding to the Networking and Cryptography library, a cry
pto library with the stated goal of improving usability, security and speed.
   9. Cryptography A Python library. This exposes cryptographic recipes and prim
itives.
10. Definitions.
   1. "Anaconda Distribution", shortened form "Distribution", is an open-source 
distribution of Python and R programming languages for scientific computing and 
data science. It aims to simplify package management and deployment. Anaconda Di
stribution includes: (1) conda, a package and environment manager for your comma
nd line interface; (2) Anaconda Navigator; (3) 250 automatically installed packa
ges; (3) access to the Anaconda Public Repository.
   2. "Anaconda Navigator" means a graphical interface for launching common Pyth
on programs without having to use command lines, to install packages and manage 
environments. It also allows the user to launch applications and easily manage c
onda packages, environments, and channels without using command-line commands.
   3. "Anaconda Public Repository", means the Anaconda packages repository of 80
00 open-source data science and machine learning packages at repo.anaconda.com.


Version 4.0 | Last Modified: March 31, 2024 | ANACONDA TOS

